Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about spring, but starting matters, we can run spring,
put applications in many ways.
First of all, we can run it from the mean glass.
This is so basic, we can click the wrong button on the main glass and it starts automatically.
Of course, here, if we have some custom environmental variables, we should describe them from arguments
as Parramatta's.
Secondly, we can create configuration and we can run this configuration.
This is my favorite actually in this option, we can describe environmental variables easily because
intelligence or other frameworks provide a special UI for it.
For example, if we want to change the server part, we can set it as the server part equals or NIPOST.
Also, we can set a spring profile in configuration in Sprint, we can work with different profiles
like development testing or production, for example, we have default and production profiles and we
have created different application properties for them and we set to customize the application according
to our profile from the main class.
So now if they set the profile from configuration, the application will work according to our custom
profile.
Let's set it as default.
Then let's run it.
We can run it from the top, but here simply it will be built, then will be served from the custom
part with the custom profile.
Thirdly, we can run the Sprink application with Gradle comment, the Reddell has a specific task for
it to run it.
We can use Gradle Run Boot and we can set our custom environment variables like server, port, etc.
Then we can hit it and run it.
This will also start our education easily.
We can prefer this option on the glass because we have only court and no intelligence or other frameworks,
so we can easily run it from the command line.
That's all.
Thank you.